[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GOSIA: Hello, Swaruu.
Let's start today with another
very interesting topic.
It is the
extraterrestrial races.
Let's start with a
general question.
How many are there?
And how many humanoids?
>>SWARUU: Hi, Gosia.
Let's start from the basics
with something I've said before.
It is not that life is
something that occurs
in other parts outside Earth.
Life is not the exception.
It is the norm in the universe.
Everything is life.
Everything is consciousness.
It is only interpreted as a life
from a particular point of view
with a framework of
artificial characteristics
that varies according to
those who see or observe them.
A gravel stone-- it's alive.
The water is alive.
A piece of broken
glass in the trash
is alive according to
how life is defined.
And it is not biology,
it is consciousness.
It is true that
the piece of glass
has less attention of a
consciousness than the glass
before getting broken.
Since the piece
loses the attention
since it is not useful anymore.
And like everything
that loses attention,
it degrades again from
being an object to being
potential energy again.
Everything is consciousness and
emanates from consciousness.
Life is everywhere
in the universe,
because it is the universe.
Do not ask if there is life
among all those stars filling
the night sky.
Those stars exist because
there is life in them.
The humanoid races are the norm,
being the most common ones.
Taking humans as a
base reference here,
there are at least
400,000 civilizations
in this galactic
quadrant with inhabitants
of various races who
would pass for humans.
Each and every one of
those 400,000 civilizations
are different with small
physical differences,
capabilities, or DNA.
But all appear as humans.
Starting from those
400,000, we would
pass to the countless
others who look like humans,
but they already clearly differ
in something that would not
make them pass for a human.
Example of this would be the
Dieslientiplex Arcturians,
Andromedans, Sasani, and the
Sauroids, among so many more.
There are countless
other feline races.
canines, insectoids,
elephant ones.
Each one at a different level
of scientific and social
development.
[RIPPLING]
In the Pleiades, there
are many civilizations
in the pre-industrial stage.
Some have barely
discovered the wheel.
Or the fire.
Others are in stone,
bronze, or medieval stage.
You can never finish
learning and seeing
the enormous variety
of art, customs,
and characters that exist.
I speak of billions of
trillions of civilizations.
When the Earth was
in the Stone Age,
it was from one point of view
in 5D, from another in 2D.
It cannot be catalogued as
easily as the researchers
of this topic on Earth believe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Many races do not
want to be known.
They feel threatened.
They like their privacy.
They do not want to be included.
Have you ever heard about
the Solatians, for example?
Another problem.
There are other races that
Hollywood already ruined.
Imposing the concept
that they are fiction.
Civilizations and how many there
are is more than monumental.
Everyone believes
that in the Pleiades,
everything is advanced.
That they are orbs of light
in high densities of love
and light.
There are many feudal or
earlier civilizations there.
Even right there
in the Pleiades.
And they don't know anything
about their interstellar
older brothers and sisters.
They also look at the
night sky and wonder
what those little lights that
go through the sky shining
at night are.
Creating myths and stories
about those lights.
Our ships.
>>GOSIA: And this, even in 5D?
>>SWARUU: Even in 5D.
Their densities
are not synonymous
with technological advance.
It is more related to
spiritual advancement.
>>GOSIA: How many
interstellar races
are there in the Pleiades?
>>SWARUU: About 11
interstellar races.
Example of this is the
race Molluse of Atlas.
The Molluse are
spiritually advanced people
with a small population.
They are not interstellar.
Not for being fools, not
for lack of communication.
By their own decision.
They have said something very
profound and very important.
Why be interstellar?
Because they are no longer
centered in the physical,
like other races.
>>GOSIA: There are races in
5D that are not interstellar.
It is curious that 5D can be
in the stage of Bronze Age.
>>SWARUU: The vast
majority of the 5D races--
99.9999% of the races in
5D are not interstellar,
each one for its own reason.
Many for the same
reason-- logical.
Others do not reach the
technological and spiritual
level to be interstellar.
To be interstellar, technology
must be correctly combined
with spirituality.
Otherwise, you simply cannot be.
Or by own conviction.
Not needing that.
>>GOSIA: I thought
that being in 5D,
this already grants a
certain spiritual level.
>>SWARUU: From the 3D point of
view of the Earth, of course,
yes.
From the 5D point of
view, there are also
stages and spiritual
development.
There is always more.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GOSIA: Going back to
the races of the Pleiades,
there are 11 interstellar.
Do you think it matters
to mention what they are?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
The main ones are Alcyone--
Yena.
Sterope-- Sau'k/Mes'Waki,
Asterope--
Eloh, Elohi, Naph, Elios.
Merope-- Hyadean, Felines.
Merope-- Lyrian
Ashands, Humanomorphs.
Taygeta-- Taygetans.
Pleione-- Solatian.
Atlas-- Atlantes, Molluse.
Electra-- Engan.
Celeano-- Celestes or
Blue Pleiadians; Blues.
Maia-- Maya, Molluse, Hopi.
These are the main ones, and
there are variants of them.
If we went into it,
there would be thousands.
>>GOSIA: And all humanoids?
>>SWARUU: Some more
than others, but yes.
Some are positive Sauroids.
Others, felines.
Other, Lyra-based.
>>GOSIA: Sauroids are
reptilians, are they not?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
Sau'ko or the Mes'Vaki.
>>GOSIA: So there are reptilian
races in the Pleiades,
and are they positive?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
Not because they are Sauroids
means they are negative.
>>GOSIA: Do they have anything
to do with Draco reptilians,
same family?
Alpha Draconians?
>>SWARUU: Alpha
Dracos are positive.
But they are not
in the Pleiades.
And yes, there are
negative Alpha Dracos.
But they are always kept in
check by the positive ones.
>>GOSIA: OK.
And these Sauroids
in the Pleiades,
are they related to
those outside Pleiades?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
All races have their
relatives, inside and outside.
>>GOSIA: Are there Nordics
like you all, but negative?
>>SWARUU: Yes, of
course there are.
But there are also
many artificial clones
made to appear like us.
And they are not us.
For negative agendas.
Speaking of non-interstellar
races, for example, in Atlas,
we have the Molluse,
not interstellar.
But in Maia, we have
again other Molluse,
called Molluse Maia
that are interstellar,
being the same race.
Maia with an I is for the
solar system, Maia M45.
Maya with a Y is for
the race, the people.
>>GOSIA: OK.
And that Maya Hopi have to do
with our Mayas and our Hopis?
>>SWARUU: They are
them, hence the name.
That's where they
were from initially.
What they had on
Earth were colonies.
>>GOSIA: Do they have anything
to do physically with the Mayan
and Hopi now?
>>SWARUU: They look
almost the same.
From what I understand,
they no longer
have communication
with each other.
About the Maya civilization
in Mesoamerica, there are two.
And the human science
only recognizes one.
There are the original
interstellar Maya.
They returned home
and left buildings
and a lot of influence.
Then came the Proto
Mayas and took
over the buildings and
customs and misinterpreted
them, such as sacrifices.
This also occurred in Egypt.
The Egyptian
culture from the age
of the great kings
up to the year
50 Before Christ, when
Julius Caesar invades.
Julius Caesar only
took what was there
as a basis for their
own interpretation
of the civilization that
was there before them.
The Sphinx and the
Pyramids precede
the classical
Egyptian civilization,
as the Mayan structures
precede the modern Maya.
>>GOSIA: And Proto
Mayas came from where?
>>SWARUU: The cultures
that surround them.
Like the Toltec, the Olmec,
and the Aztec, among others.
>>GOSIA: And the Hopi?
How do they relate?
Did the same thing occur?
Because it says on the
list, Maya star and Hopi
race together.
Hopi are in Arizona.
>>SWARUU: Some went home.
Others died there and joined
the cycle of the incarnation
of the Earth.
Others merged among
other cultures
or founded other cultures.
>>GOSIA: So the Hopi of
Arizona are also from Maya?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GOSIA: People will ask
about the Eloh, Elohi.
Do they have to do with
the Elohim of the Bible?
>>SWARUU: They are also related.
Much of what I have
shared is intertwined
with knowledge that
is already on Earth
and is loaded with meanings.
They are or have the same
name because they were there.
Or because they are them.
Fallen angels and all that
is attributed to them.
>>GOSIA: I'm still not clear
if the Elohi of the Pleiades
are the same as the
Elohim of the Bible.
>>SWARUU: Elohim, yes.
But it is complicated.
Because it comes from that
they are a race of air.
Elios is spirit taken as
deities by some and as invasive
and malevolent
spirits by others.
At the end, they are
only more people.
And it is true that
much of them had
to do with humanity
in antiquity.
They are taken as fallen
angels and demons.
They are several
Pleiadian races.
Positive Soroids returning
to other species.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GOSIA: What is the difference
between Alpha Dracos,
Dracos, and reptiles?
Are they all the same family?
Are they of the
same hierarchies?
>>SWARUU: They are all
Sauroid, or reptilian races.
There are innumerable
reptilian races
these are the main
branches or species.
The graphic is not complete.
It only shows the main ones.
But it gives an idea.
>>GOSIA: Seraphim,
are they reptiles?
>>SWARUU: Yes.
>>GOSIA: I believed
that they were
angels in the Christian
religion and of Judaism.
>>SWARUU: Yes, of course.
This is a reptilian infiltration
into the Christian culture.
They are reptiles winged.
There are negative
and positive ones.
Seraphey Draconians, I
have not seen or heard
that they would be anything
other than negative.
>>GOSIA: How do they perceive
the Taygetans and other races,
the Alpha?
How do they relate to you,
and how do you perceive them?
>>SWARUU: Since way
back in time, thousands
of linear years, they
cooperate and respect
the races of the Federation.
The relation is cordial
and of mutual respect.
Many times, that of cooperation.
In general, they
are not problematic.
But yes, there are still
isolated negative Alpha Draco
factions.
But the positives hold
them at a distance.
And they hunt them down.
The Alpha Dracos are the most
impressive creatures or beings
one can meet in space.
It is difficult to surpass a
lizard three stories tall that
has ships and blows fire.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Urmah, a
feline-dominant species.
One of many uncountable
feline species.
Just as the dominant Alpha
Dracos is the dominant reptile
or reptilian race, the Urmah
is the dominant feline race.
Place of origin-- the star Vega.
Planets Lyra and Avalon.
But the same as
the Alpha Dracos,
they have colonies
all over the galaxy.
Especially in this quadrant.
Note that they come from the
same planet as the Lyrians.
They co-existed and
cooperated among themselves.
They are friendly to each other.
They have colonies on
thousands of planets.
But the colony on Sirius is
especially large, second only
to Vega.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Urmah.
Before, they were very invasive.
Today, they are
pacific and spiritual.
They are members of the
Federation of United Planets.
They are lions or
tigers on two feet.
Short legs, long spine.
Tails with a ball of hair
at the end sometimes.
The language is
mainly telepathic.
But they talk, even though
they do not pronounce well.
They are carnivorous
but make synthetic meat.
They no longer hunt.
Craft ship.
It is like a long and solid
U. Highly polished, metallic.
Few exits.
Only at the back
for the engines.
Total warp capacity.
Very interstellar.
They are very united and help
respect other feline races.
They are progressive
with high spirituality.
Extremely loving and empathic.
Despite this, fierce warriors.
So fierce that even the
Alpha Dracos fear them.
Sirians.
It is as with the Pleiadians.
They are not one race.
It is a complex of
innumerable races.
So what you find about
that is very varied.
Not all Sirian star seeds
are in humanoid bodies.
The more obvious Sirians
and closest to the Earth
are the Cetaceans.
The dolphins, whales.
In terms of
spirituality, they are
more advanced than the humans.
Having a complex civilization
is not synonym to advancement.
They simply don't
need a civilization.
There is no use
for that for them.
They have all inside.
Their communication,
their world, their all.
They are closer to the source,
with a very strong connection.
They were seeded on many worlds,
including Tiamat, Earth, Erra,
Temmer, among others.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Those that I suppose
are the most influential
are those that are
taken as the basis
of the Egyptian
civilization as a race.
But in the post-Pyramids
and post-Sphinx phase,
because that is prior and of
the Federation Conglomerate
in origin.
Isis, or Ishtar, had a strong
connection with Sirius.
Mistakenly portrayed
as a Sirian.
She only worked with Sirians and
was highly respected by them.
It is a civilization based on
Sirius A on multiple planets.
They are advanced
humanoids with a blue tint.
Sirians are not one species.
They are a large
conglomerate of species,
all with their star seeds.
There are even reptilians
from Sirius, Positive.
There are Urmah from Sirius.
There are other advanced
races with civilization
that are blue and are
related with the Andromedans
and the Celeste.
That is yet another species.
It is aquatic with extensive
submarine civilizations,
especially on the Sirius B.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GOSIA: Do they have genders?
How do they reproduce?
>>SWARUU: The dominant
Sirians on Sirius A,
those with the ships,
reproduce sexually.
They are all
semi-aquatic with high
to moderate amount
of amphibian genes.
Not all who come from
Sirius are aquatic.
But mostly, yes.
The zone is dominated
by water planets.
Compared to what Tiamat
was like or Temmer is.
Even though Temmer
has many islands.
>>GOSIA: Are they related
to the Dogon myths in Mali?
They, have legends of
Sirians from Sirius A,
B. And they also say
there is a Sirius C.
>>SWARUU: Yes.
There is mythology all
over the Earth talking
about advanced water
beings who planted
medicine, art, architecture.
The Earth does not
have influences
of one Sirian species
only, but multiple ones.
The 5D is like the
standard of the universe,
being the majority or
the dominant density.
Even so, there is still duality.
The fact that a species
is aggressive or harmful
is only an interpretation of
those who disagree with it.
It is not an attribute
of intrinsic evilness
of the species.
It's just that its
attitude and way
of being contrast
with those of others.
From the moment that there
are men and women here,
there is duality.
Even though it is dissolving.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It is said on Earth that the
5D has attributes that we
would rather tag 7D for.
The transition
between the attributes
of the 3D to the
attributes where
they say it's all love, no
duality, androgynous entities,
no men or women,
is more gradual.
It has to, by logic,
go through here.
Through the 5D, as
we described it.
High telepathy and the
absence of time, as such,
being only semilinear as
an individual own animating
experience, but not
calculable from the point
of view of the collective.
Since you have telepathy
here, it already
means a great
change of attitude.
Because you enter and
understand more, other people.
So a direct consequence of
this is the understanding
that they are also aspects
of you, the same person.
All connected.
And that dissolves many
things that cause conflicts.
Simply by the presence
of abandoned empathy.
Even so, this is only a part
of a transition to other planes
where duality melts,
diffuses, evaporates.
You cannot have a place
totally without duality,
because it would
be all inclusive.
There is only one
place like that--
the source.
The all.
[MUSIC PLAYING]